housing management app:
it involves calculation of the rent paid,
data inserted by service desk.
* subsidy coming from main plus province

    ->updates by job
* payments of rent:
    - people pay check or pay cash which service desk marks them as pending/or by automated 
system when they from mobile app/something we dont know, 
    - then by batch job these data are updated that payment received. data coming from multiple source, multiple form of data
    - this rent will be created by system, at the end of month, this is another job.
    - rent due, rent overdue, these emails will be generated by batch job.
* maintenance data->
    - service desk inserts data, needs repair
    - admin person sees it, they create work order 
    - work is done, these data coming via csv, text files, many files or sometime
    just inputted by service desk. ok so these data are updated by jobs.
* Reporting->
    - sometime admin person wants a report of this month revenue, total rent collected, total maintenance spend done.
    then we run on demand job. it generates report.
    - sometime admin/accounting person wants detail report about maintenance expense, these are exported with csv.
    these are also on demand job run.
* custom query->
    - sometime miscellenous report audit comes, like which people received those benefits,
    or taken these kind of homes, that time i write manual queries, run it on test,
    if data pattern looks good, they tell to run in prod.
* Most update queries are scheduled overnight.
* Profile, income, eligibility data -> updated by job overnight. The data is coming from multiple sites.
reading multiple format of data, also call API of other service to get some data. but mostly
coming via text files.
* There should be UI to add user, add permissions, add Roles.

### Type of persons in the system:
- service desk people/client service people. they also have office location,
set to their ID. they can input various data as requested by the client.
Like somebody wants to apply for a rental, they give basic info like what work
they do, they email service desk statements, they attach it. So like applying.
Service desk can also update a number of things on the profile of the clients. its like 
on bhealf. Most of the data inthe system should have some column that who updated(like 
which agent). Thse are all powered by REST API. 
- HR people, they can pull variety kind of basic reports, like payments, vacancy etc.most of them
are like per person reprots, or for all basic kind of reports.
- Developer/program admin person can see almost everything, they can generate reports, they can
create people, change.

### Additional for spring job:
- we need cleanup process, which cleans job after set time like 3-5 days.
- spring's default tables for batch job are not optimized at all. We need to put index on job execution,
steps these kind of columns.


Features to work
- option to create a building,and address then suite(with rent)
- option to rent it to somebody, terminate tenancy with adding note to tenancy;
- option to create rent with spring scheduler, spring batch. also option to
manualy trigger job, passing data. 

these data could be, all the maintenances that are done/more detail
all the rents are collected recently,
more example will come. 
- option to mark a rent as paid
- api to search all suites of a city that are not occupied,
- api to show building details, with suite list, suite occupancy status, rent.
- will do tenant application, approval these things

### Done:
- address api is functional, crud api.
- building api is functional, can create building with address, and update building.
- suite creation api is functional, detail is functional
- option to rent it to somebody is done, creating tenancy.
- terminate tenancy with note(update tenancy)